https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-8260 (#5688)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: networking/submariner/subm_customize.adoc

----

*Best practice:* Do not use the VXLAN cable driver on public networks. The VXLAN cable driver is unencrypted. Only use VXLAN to avoid unnecessary double encryption on private networks. For example, some on-premise environments might handle the tunnel's encryption with a dedicated line-level hardware device.

[#using-a-customized-submariner-subscription]
== Using a customized Submariner subscription 

> When you use a customized Submariner subscription, you must complete the following fields:

Reviewer: Could the introductory paragraph explain why a user would want this? For example

```suggestion
The Submariner addon automatically configures a subscription for Submariner; this ensures that the version of Submariner appropriate for the installed version of ACM is installed and kept up-to-date. If you want to change this behavior, or if you want to manually control Submariner upgrades, you can customize the Submariner subscription.

When you use a customized Submariner subscription, you must complete the following fields:
```

----

*Best practice:* Do not use the VXLAN cable driver on public networks. The VXLAN cable driver is unencrypted. Only use VXLAN to avoid unnecessary double encryption on private networks. For example, some on-premise environments might handle the tunnel's encryption with a dedicated line-level hardware device.

[#using-a-customized-submariner-subscription]
== Using a customized Submariner subscription 

> The Submariner addon automatically configures a subscription for Submariner; this ensures that the version of Submariner appropriate for the installed version of ACM is installed and kept up-to-date. If you want to change this behavior, or if you want to manually control Submariner upgrades, you can customize the Submariner subscription.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Submariner add-on automatically configures a subscription for Submariner; this ensures that the version of Submariner appropriate for the installed version of {product-title-short} is installed and kept up-to-date. If you want to change this behavior, or if you want to manually control Submariner upgrades, you can customize the Submariner subscription.
```

When you use a customized Submariner subscription, you must complete the following fields:

> * *Source:* The catalog source to use for the Submariner subscription. For example, `redhat-operators`. 

Reviewer 2: We've had issues in the past when there are too many asterisks, I think in this case I would use `-` for the list

* *source Namespace:* The namespace of the catalog source. For example, `openshift-marketplace`.
* *Channel:* The channel to follow for the subscription. For example, for {product-title-short} 2.9, `stable-0.16`.
* *Starting CSV (Optional):* The initial `ClusterServiceVersion`.  
* *Install Plan Approval:* The decision to manually or automatically approve install plans. 

*Note:* If you want to manually approve the install plan, you must use a customized Submariner subscription. 

[#known-issue]
== Known issue 

> The Submariner install plan does not follow the overall install plan settings. Therefore, the operator management screen cannot control the Submariner install plan. By default, Submariner install plans are applied automatically, and the Submariner addon is always updated to the latest available version corresponding to the installed  {product-title-short} version. To change this behavior, you must use a customized Submariner subscription. 

Reviewer 2: Move this part to https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/8ae4ed87dc25c268052d5937d10e7498bc5363ef/release_notes/known_issues_network.adoc
